## Hendcott Camp*, 23rd of October 1917

My darling wife and bonny son

In my letter which I wrote on Sunday morning I mentioned going into Wilton. Well shortly after dinner another chap and myself made a start. It's 5 miles and we arrived shortly after 3 o'clock. After taking a walk through the town we made for the Earl of Pembroke's home. The grounds are simply glorious, miles of beautiful paths and drives. A river runs through the grounds, which is bridged by numerous stone bridges. Being autumn the leaves of the trees were countless shades, the riches of the grounds and river with its numerous streams was a glorious sight. The home is a magnificent place and contains an art gallery containing some of the most precious pictures in the world. One picture was sold a week or so ago for £24,000 and another picture the Americans have offered £60,000. While walking through the ground we passed a young man in plain clothes, whom I bid good day to. To my astonishment I heard after that it was Prince Albert the second son of the King. Of course I did not know who he was, just as well, what say you kiddie. He is on furlough from the Navy. The  Earl of Pembroke returned on Saturday from France after serving three years as a Major of the Horse Guards. 

We did not get anything to eat, so as soon we left we had to look for ‘some eat’. Went to the YMCA, had tea and cakes. That was not enough so we went to another place run by the towns people. Here we got a plate of ham, six slices of bread and butter, and 2 cups of tea for 7p. Not bad, what say you darling. After having this fill we thought the next best thing to do would be to go to church. It went in about 6 o'clock and out about 7:15. The church which holds about 2000 was crowded and we were carted right up to the third front seat. The service was not too bad but when we got out found it was raining, so we had a nice 5 miles walk in the rain. Returned back fairly wet but after a cup cocoa and piece of toast yours truly was okay. 

Last night went to a concert in the YMCA, very good indeed. We have nowhere to go at nights except to concerts. It fills in an hour or two. Tonight intend going to the pictures and vaudeville. I hear there is a very good program on.

I told you in my last letter that I received a Christmas parcel from Harry Curtis. Yesterday I received a parcel from mum, it had been all over France. I wrote her last night telling her that I received it, but she will laugh when she reads it, for I mentioned a tin of treacle in the contents. Well I did not open it until today, much to my surprise and pleasure I found it contained lollies. (in the treacle tin) Have one in my mouth at present. Darling have just received a large mail, all old letters, 18 in all. Darling they were nine letters from your dear self, and 1 postcard. The numbers are 57, 59, 60, 61, 62, 63 dated 16th, 20th, 23rd, 24th, 27th, 31st May. 68, 69? dated 17th, 20th and 25th June. One from your dad dated the 21st June, one from your mother 27th May. One from Phyllis June 2nd, one from Keith 20th of August. One from cousin Ethel Beardsmore June 2nd, one from Mater 21st of June, one from Vi 25th of June one from Auntie Jane Curtis 23rd of June. I will not attempt to answer any of these letters now, leave it until tomorrow. Words fail to express how pleased I am to receive them. Thought they were lost. Nellie wrote me three weeks ago stating she had posted them to me.

I’ll ring off until tomorrow, darling. With love kisses and embraces to my dearest sweetheart and darling baby boy from your hubby and daddy with oceans and oceans of love and millions of kisses.

Husband and father

Don

Here are some XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for my darling son, also some XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX for my dear sweetheart wife.

Love and love from husband and father    Don

* I believe Hurdcott Camp
				