## Lark Hill, 16 February 1917

My darling wife

Just about to start the second half of the description of my trip to London. Suppose you have received the first letter before this, anyhow let us hope so. Sunday, 11th February. After a good nights rest, started off, Eric Hewitt and myself to Whitehall and Buckingham palace to witness the changing of the guard. It is supposed to be one of the sites of London, but at present the war has taken a lot of colour out of it. But the Horse Guards were very fine indeed. The band at the Palace was simply glorious. After paying our respects to the guard we took the fashionable Sunday morning walk through Hyde park and Rotten  Row. How you do see fashion. Close by skating was in full swing. Next had a good exterior look around parliament and Westminster Abby then made our way back to the hotel via Thames embankment. Here it was, a few yards from Cleopatra's needle, that I had a pencil sketch of myself drawn. A fit of the devil, had me I think, for me to stand two minutes on the Embankment in the one position while an old man did the terrible deed for 2p. Scores of people were enjoying themselves at my expense. Did not care a hang considering the grand results, I don't think, what say you dear, never think it was your hubby would you sweetheart. Then we visited Hotels Real and Savoy and eventually arrived back for lunch.

After another good fill spent an hour at the National Art Gallery. On our way there inspected a number of captured German guns in Trafalgar Square. I left Eric Hewitt at the art gallery and made off by myself to the Royal Albert Hall. He did not want to come and I was very anxious to attend the Sunday afternoon concert which I understood would be very good. Eric thought he had something better on but told me at tea that he had a rotten afternoon. As for the concert, it was simply great, mostly orchestra, but what an orchestra, over 100 strong and play, well I will never forget it, the music is still ringing in my ears. Cost to me only one shilling and two pence war tax. Will send you the program may interest you. As for the Hall itself words fail me to describe it, simply that it is the finest in the world. One item on the organ, is sufficient, to draw people scores of miles away to hear. At night Eric and I spent a few hours at the pictures. Monday our last day of leave was far the best. Made an early start E Hewlett, J Allison, a returned soldier and myself to the Tower. Here we made a very detailed inspection, naturally intensely interesting. Will not go into detail, sending two books, fully describing everything. Every thing that appears in the books were viewed by yours truly, so you can easily imagine what sort of a time we spent,. For the “Bloody Tower” one of the Beefeaters came with us and acted as guide. Very weird indeed. So much here for the Tower. Then we caught the tube to Westminster, arriving at the Abbey a few minutes to 12 o’clock. Informed that a service of intercession was just about to start so attended same. This service is held every day at 12 and lasts15 minutes. Enclosing copy of service. Then for the inspection of the building  of history.
Luck was my way, a lady had a party of Canadian officers, who she was showing around, and asked me to join them, which I did, to be sure. This lady spends all her time showing soldiers around hence she knows the Abby from A-Z. Needless to say not a corner was missed. You can tell dad, he was in my mind during the whole inspection, knowing what he would give to have changed places with me. Would not have missed the Abbey for anything. London is the place to waken up ones history, taught at school. Had forgotten it all but now, never.

In going from one place to another in London we made sure to take the route on which there was something to see, therefore we saw every arch and monument of the great city.

Love Don

Had a mouthful, and for the last lap, we joined forces. Mr. and Mrs. Crowley, 2 Miss Kings, J Allison, and the returned soldier, E Hewitt and myself. We went to Madame Tussards another notable London’s rendevous. Here we spent a good time, which yours truly thoroughly enjoyed. Also sending a booklet. Here again not a single thing was missed. Tea 7 pm. Up to now the four days seemed a dream, now we woke up, caught the 8:15 pm. train from Waterloo arriving at Amesbury 11:30 pm. Here luck was our way. At the station there were only three cars and about 1000 men wanting them. We got the first car and flew back to camp arriving 11:55, the end of a perfect four days. In London during the day one would never think there was a war on but at night that is a different tale to tell. Not I light to be seen, utter darkness. Theaters are the only places to go.

Well darling wife will now close. By the way received another letter today from Mrs. S Smith. From the text of her letters she is a fine old lady.

Trusting that you are in the best of health and progressing favorably, eh what kiddie. Love and embraces to my dear wife from your own loving husband with thousands of kisses.
								
Don