## France, 7th June 1917

My dearest wife

Wrote you a letter yesterday and as promised making an attempt to write another today. There is absolutely no news kiddie but of course a few lines will be welcomed eh dear. The weather has been very hot indeed so the boys have taken the opportunity at every spare moment of having a swim. I have had my share, it's just great. The place where we swim is a gully which was flooded by the French some 10 months ago to stem the German advance. On Tuesday our division was inspected by General Birdwood nothing sensational happened, but the boys made a very good showing. Had a heavy thunderstorm this afternoon, cleared the air. Therefore it is much cooler tonight. I am badly off for letters, have not received any Australian mail yet, rather disappointed, butt as we expect to be remaining in our present position for a couple of weeks it is therefore on the cards that's all I will receive some of my loves own letters before we move. Have not heard from Nellie Fry lately. I wonder if Goudhurst was one off the towns bombed, sincerely hope not. By her letter she seemed to be afraid that their district would stop a few bombs, in fact zepps had passed over their house on several occasions. We are not as well off for meals as in the base camp but it is not too bad considering the conditions. Every night before going to bed, we make a fire and give ourselves a treat of cocoa and cake. Can assure you cocoa, condensed milk etc. is very scarce. But what would I give darling to be able to be in the old kitchen with you kiddie making our supper together. They were grand times eh kiddie, won’t it be great when we are able to do so again. Will have to make it for three then, I suppose little Mac will have a good appetite. Hope he likes scrambled eggs on toast. Well sweetheart this month is moving on. Only about three weeks to go and I will be like a cat on  hot bricks waiting for the joyous news. Won't be responsible for my actions, when I get the cable. Won't get drunk, that's impossible here, but I'll be intoxicated with excitement. I posted you a few postcards the other day, have some more which I will send from time to time. The town close to our camp has a very fine church which was subjected to a heavy bombardment 12 months ago. The statue on top of the tower has been knocked but has not fallen down. It appears as if it would fall any minute. The story goes that as soon as this statue falls the war ends. I heard this in Australia it appeared in all the newspapers. But it has been wired up securely so the chances of it falling is a very remote. So if this story were true, the war would never end. So you can see how ridiculous this story is. From what we can see the end is not in sight, but when it does happen don't think the authorities will be able to hold the Australians. Everyone is talking about getting their discharge on this side and having a good time. You can rest assured kiddie I will get home by the shortest and quickest way to my darling wife and “ours”. The cocoa is just being prepared so will have to get in for my cut. From where I am sitting at present I can see miles of trenches. These are both German and British trenches which were used about 10 months ago. Today I had a job of filling in some old dugouts, dugouts are everywhere, in fact we are thinking of using one for our home.

8th June

Today kiddie I received a postcard from Flo Roberts also two letters concerning Frank. One from headquarters which does not contain anything of importance and one from his unit which I am enclosing. If I should be in the district where he was buried you can rest assured I will do everything which you all at Charles Street would like to have done. I wrote you the other day letting you know how I first got the news.

Will now ringing off sweetheart. Keep your pecker up, all will be well. I am okay. Hope my dear one is keeping in good health. Au revoir to my dear wife your ever own and loving husband with tons and tons of kisses.

Don

PS.  Have just received your first letter in France Number 41 simply grand. Will answer it in a day or so. 

Your loving husband.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

Don