## Camp 26, 16th April 1917

My dearest sweetheart wife.

Have just read through your letter number 25 again. Kiddie it is far too cold for the silk pyjamas and by jove if I were at home with you dear I’d try sleeping with less than silk pyjamas, bet your life, and I know that you would not mind. The arrangements for the great event about June 24th are okay and I am sure everything will turn out alright. The oak bedstead will be just the thing and when I return”what oh” the bed. It will be simply grand sleeping again in a decent big with my dear little wife besides me and in the morning the youngsters crawling all over us. What say you kiddie. That will be the time. Yes dear they'll have to be another first night, and what a night it will be, also another honeymoon, to be sure.

Have broken into the 10 pounds buying food and on my first opportunity will get my photo taken. Will have to wait until I get to London or some other large town. Your photo and parcel have not arrived yet, suppose they will come along due course and anyhow I sincerely hope so.

Yesterday I met Keith again, we had a very good afternoon together. Visited Durrington**  and Figheldean.*  After he left and returned to camp I went to Durrington and had tea, met one of the boys, (D McCall) and went to church. The church was packed, nearly all soldiers. This singing was grand nearly carried the roof off. Keith has received your letter also one from George. George was okay his letter was dated ninth June. Yesterday we witnessed an airplane come down. The pilot made difficulties at  a height of 2000 feet. He then attempted to “plane” it to earth but when he was about 1000 feet up one wing buckled. He then took a header to earth. The noise when it struck earth could be heard for miles away. It landed about 1 1/2 miles from our camp. Keith and I had a look at the wreckage. Simply a mess of splinters. The airman who was on his own, died 10 minutes after being picked up. That was absolutely no hope for him.

Darling I'll have to ring off. Will have to set to and get things ready for tomorrows “Royal Review”. Will write again in a day or so. i am keeping in good health, and feeling fit. Extremely pleased to hear you are the same.  Keep your pecker up darling, everything will be okay for the great event. Take care of yourself and little Mac until I return which I don't think will be very long. Love and kisses to my darling wife from your ever own and loving husband with millions and millions of kisses.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Don

*Figheldean is a village and civil parish on the River Avon, 3 ¹⁄₂ miles north of Amesbury in Wiltshire, England.

**Durrington is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England. The village lies about 2 miles north of the town of Amesbury, 10 miles north of the city of Salisbury, and 2 ¹⁄₂ miles northeast of the Stonehenge monument