## On Active Service, Hendcott Camp*, 21st October, 1917  

My darling wife and bonny son

Well kiddie since last writing, very little of interest has taken place in camp. Thursday afternoon there was sports here but I  did not have a look at them. Went for a walk to a village about 3 miles from here called Broad Chalke.** It is not a bad little place but to get to it, one has to climb over a very large hill so you can guess that when we arrived at the place we were dog tired and fit for a good feed. Talk about eat, I think we cleared the old lady out of house and home. Returned after tea and went to the pictures and vaudeville. Very good especially one picture a Charlie Chaplin, absolutely the best of its kind I've ever seen. Suppose dear that our little darling Neville knows all about Charlie by this.

On Friday a very large draft left here, but I was very lucky not being in it. This life will do me kiddie, but will have to leave it during the week sorry to say. At night went to a concert but it was a rotter, the worst I have ever seen in camp. Received a letter from Nellie telling me that Bernie was getting along okay, she also enclosed a souvenir of Goudhurst which I sent on to our darling baby yesterday. 

Today is Sunday, I wonder what my two darlings are doing, wish I were home and the three of us having the day together. What sort of time would we have, oh don't mention it. Did not go to church this morning may go tonight. After dinner I am taking a walk to Wilton a town about 5 miles from here, will walk one way and motor the other. Not too financial so I cannot be motoring too much. 

Yesterday I received my first Christmas parcel, it came from Harry Curtis. I cannot express how pleased I was to receive it. Everything was in excellent condition, especially the cake. Have not had any of your letters sweetheart for over a week, suppose they will come in at batch. Anxiously waiting for the parcels. My photos have not turned up yet but when I get them will post same, straight away, including the framed one to our darling (boys boy). That's a slip, did not know there was a family already. When I pay for the photos and frame I'll be dead broke, will have to get some money from somewhere until you send some along. The weather is getting very cold now, wish I could keep away from France for the winter. 

Another zepp raid in London Friday night, casualties heavy and a lot of damage done. Last night the French brought five of the zepps down. A big offense was expected yesterday, but so far no news of it. Last night went to another concert, three ladies and two gents, a very good show indeed. 

Nellie is a great character, in her letter she said that Neville was a clever looking baby so is going to send him a drawing book. With reference to the souvenir she told me to send it to my best girl or any other girl. In reply I wrote, sending along souvenir not to my best girl, but to my best girls son, His Majesty Neville Frank Cameron. Can just imagine what sort of reply I will get.

Well darling, sweetheart how is our baby getting along. Anxiously waiting for some more letters for I'm sure to get news of the little dear. The last three nights I have been dreaming about him, but such funny and mixed up dreams.
Will now say au revoir, darling and hope my two dears are keeping in the  best of health. I'm feeling grand. Love to Régent and Charles Street folks.

Love kisses and embraces to my dear wife and bonny son from your loving husband and father with millions and millions of kisses and oceans and oceans of love.

Your loving hubby and daddy

Don

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

To Neita and Neville with love.  Don

*   Hendcott I believe is really Hurdcott

**  Broad Chalke, sometimes spelled Broadchalke, Broad Chalk or Broadchalk, is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, about 8 miles (13 km) west of the city of Salisbury. 
				