## Lark Hill, 15th February 1917

My darling wife

London the greatest and largest city of the world was visited by yours truly last weekend and had a glorious time as far as sightseeing was concerned. Had my 4 days disembarkation leave Friday Saturday Sunday and Monday. Only 25 men were allowed to leave so considered myself very lucky to be among that number. When the others get leave, well nobody knows. Four of us went together E Hewitt, J Allison, W Crowley and your hubby. Had a car engaged for Friday morning 6:30, he failed to put in an appearance so had to walk to the Amesbury station about 4 miles in distance.

On the way of course stopped and had a cup of tea which I can assure you was thoroughly enjoyed. Caught the  train at 9.05 am and after a grand trip through snow-covered country arrived at the “great smoke”, Waterloo station at 12 noon. We then caught a tube to Trafalgar Square, arriving there in a few minutes. To see us walking along The Strand you would have thought we were children we acted like kids overly pleased with themselves, to think we were in civilization again and away from the D… Camp. Eventually we arrived at the Strand Palace Hotel, postcards of which I have sent you. It's a very fine place, tariff reasonable compared with Sydney. It was full of Australian officers, in fact officers are all you see in London, they are having a jolly good time. Mrs. Crowley and sisters are staying at this hotel, so when we arrived can you imagine the meeting between Mr. and Mrs. Crowley, of course you can, just fancy if it were we two kiddie, never mind darling we will have a better meeting the three of us eh kiddie. After lunch we went to the bank for one of the boys and then went out to see Wally Gillies at his sisters place. He was very well and expected to sail the next morning. Suppose you heard of the Port Nicholson being sunk, she went down the day after leaving Devenport on her way to London. Wally and Charlie Nicholson intended going round to London on her  but changed their minds at the last moment very lucky they were, don't you think. Mrs. Smith’s home is a very fine place, two-storey and in the center of large grounds. Have three cars all are in use for patriotic purposes. Mrs. Smith is a very nice woman indeed. When I go to France she wants me to write and she will send me over papers, fruit etc.

After spending a very enjoyable time there we made it back to the hotel.  I intended going to the theater after tea. While speaking to the Crowleys they mentioned they had booked seats for “Puss in  Boots” so asked me to go with them which I did. After a great deal of trouble persuaded Miss King (Mrs. Crowley's sister) to accept my money for the extra seat 12/6. Found out the next day they were treating the boys, of course  being away all afternoon did not know anything about this business. Anyhow would sooner pay for myself. The prices very high at the theaters there is a tax which has also to be paid. By the time you get home from the theater, that is sitting in the front seats costs every person at least one pound. The panto (pantomime) was at Drury Lane Theatre, very cool indeed, all that I wished was that you could be we me dear. After the show, had supper in the winter garden at the hotel. It is a very fine winter garden I can assure you, the postcard gives a faint idea what it is like. Electric lights are everywhere. On Saturday after a good sleep between sheets started off by myself to see London. Just I went to the Commonwealth offices and then took a stroll along the Strand to Trafalgar Square then to Piccadilly Circus, Oxford Square etc. then made for the East End.
While strolling along met one of the boys, J Allison  so off we went to Buckingham palace passing numerous arches, buildings and monuments of great historic importance (both past and present). Luck seemed to be with us, while passing a very large building and being anxious to know what it was I asked a man walking along. To make a long story short he asked us if we would like to be shown around, of course we said yes, so he volunteered to do so. He was a returned soldier, fought at Mons, got his discharge 10/- a week for three years. He is going, out to Australia shortly, the British government giving him a free passage.  A butcher by trade. Viewed Buckingham Palace, Queen Victoria's monument, passed through Régent Park, Hyde Park, Rotten Row viewed the Duke of Wellington's home and Memorial, Albert's memorial and went inside the great Royal Albert Hall. Prior to this went passed by all the military and naval buildings, there appears to be hundreds. Afterwards we went to Whitehall where again military and naval buildings are in galore. After having a look at the largest business houses made it back by tube to lunch. It was a great morning, having somebody to show us around made things very easy. After lunch the four of us and Mrs. Crowley went to St Mary’s and then to St. Paul's. There is no need for me to go into detail about St Paul’s. Made a thorough inspection, especially down in the vaults. It was grand, the only thing wrong was that time was too short. Then we made off to the Tower had an exterior view on this occasion, went over Tower and London bridges and then had tea. Talk about eat, we just did, of course the food was slightly different from the camp food hey what E Hewitt. D Mc Call (of whom I will tell you later) and myself witnessed “Chu Chin Chow” at His Majesties theater that night played ( should read produced and directed ) by my Oscar Asche. It was simply great. On the occasion it cost us only 2/8,  2/6 and 2 tax though had to stand up. All play houses in London are packed every night, simply wonderful where the money comes from. After a taxi home and a good supper got to bed. Enclosing program which may interest you.

Darling I'll have to ring off now just on “lights out” have  written five pages think that's enough for one envelope will continue the description of my leave tomorrow in another letter.

How are you getting on darling, how is little Mac, sincerely hope everything okay. Love to my darling wife, buck up kiddie from your own and loving husband with tons of kisses and embraces.

Don