## Lark Hill, 5th April 1917

My darling wife

Received your registered letter including draft for which I am very thankful. Was at a pretty low watermark but now I'm set up so I can manage some leave will, of course have a good bust up. Have dropped you a postcard stating that the draft arrived okay. Forwarded it to the bank in London, asking them to send me £3 and place the balance to my credit. Was thinking of sending for some money, although not actually in need of it right away, but it's very handy to have it, so that if any leave turns up well with £ and £, a good time is assured, so my darling I'm fixed up and ready for a good time. Your loving letter  was received, number 23 the missing numbers are 2, 4, 21, 22. The first two are gone for good, I think. But  21 and 22 should reach me in a day or so, the Australian mail is in, so therefore darling, looking anxiously every day for your letters. Prior to this letter  received, it's just on a month since receiving your last letter. Last night a concert was given in the dining room by a party of Australian ladies and gentlemen. It was a great concert, absolutely the best I've seen for many a long day. Concerts are often given but as a rule they prove to be very poor. Today we had a great cleaning up expect to be inspected by the King on Saturday on Monday. As a rule when the King inspects the troops two or three days leave. If we are successful I will be able to have a grand time now that you darling have been so thoughtful in sending your hobby a few pounds. I am looking forward to some leave now dearest. Received a letter from Phyll yesterday. Then noise in The hut at present is terrible. Everybody is talking. A batch of Australian papers have just been received so the boys are reading out all the news, great excitement prevails. This is Easter week, tomorrow is Good Friday, I wonder what you will be doing darling. Suppose you are all pleased regarding the war news, especially about America entering the war. How are you progressing love, suppose you have given me all the news in number 22 letter, waiting anxiously for it. Au revoir for the present will write again in a day or so. Love and kisses to my darling wife from your ever loving and own husband with thousands and thousands of kisses and embraces.

			Don

xxxxxxxxxxxxxx endless  Your loving hubby  Don