## Lark Hill, 27th February 1917

My darling wife

Just received your most loving and welcomed letter number 18, dated January 10th. Had a very fast trip considering the conditions at present. Very disappointed indeed to hear you have not received one single letter up to the date of your writing. Every one of us fully expected our first letters posted at Durban to arrive a day or two before Christmas, thought it would be a Christmas present. Fancy we  arriving here and you not hearing a word. But I will bet in the next day or two (that's after January 10th) you receive what you desired. Several of the boys received letters from home dated 11th January stating that our Durban mail was delivered that morning. So sweetheart don't think you have to wait very long for news from your hubby. By jove you should receive a batch too. Did plenty of writing, don't think I did too much do you sweetheart? Have also been keeping it up. Five of your letters are still missing numbers 2 and 4. I think they have gone astray, but 15,16, and 17 should reach me any day. Was certainly very funny regarding that postcard and disappointing I am sure but never mind kiddie you should have received scores ere this. As you say it's no good dad opening letters to my wife from yours truly, many a thing has been written which only concerns we two eh darling. Would very much like to have seen you in your nighty but they'll come a time in the near future. Very pleased indeed to hear that you are getting fat. I’ve lost a good deal of mine. By now darling with both fats you must be as broad as you are long. What would I give if I could drop down beside you straight away, words fail me. Had another letter from Nelly Fry the other day, said she had received a letter from George and Frank, both well but no mention  of Frank's furlough. You say you are going to send some money, well it will come in handy to be sure, but at the present moment I am okay. Off course if I can get any more leave then bet your life I'll require some. Going to Bournemouth on my first opportunity, but will have to have about four days off if I go from this camp. Too far away for a weekend. At present no weekend  leave is granted. We are not soldiers, men, or animals in this camp only “numbers.” I received another small parcel of date scones etc. from Mrs. S Smith. It's  extremely good of her, too much. It's simply grand to receive some homemade cakes etc. Going to write to her in a few minutes.

The papers today are full of the two British successes Kut* and on the Ancre**. Do not think it's the beginning of the big offensive but let us sincerely hope so.

Yes kiddie I would give anything to be back again with you and bet your sweet life I'll be there as soon as I possibly can. Well dearest will now say au revoir. How is little Mac progressing? Grand says you, that ’s good dear.

Tons of love and kisses to my darling wife with embraces.

From your most loving husband.

Don


* The Second Battle of Kut was fought on 23 February 1917, between British and Ottoman forces at Kut, Mesopotamia (present-day Iraq). The battle was part of the British advance to Baghdad begun in December 1916 by a 50,000-man British force

** Operations on the Ancre took place from 11 January – 13 March 1917, between the British Fifth Army and the German 1st Army, on the Somme front during the First World War