## Hencott  Camp, (England), 15th October 1917

My dearest wife and darling son

By the above address you will see that I am still at Hencott. When I arrived here I expected to remain only 2 or 3 days, but having to have my teeth stopped, caused me to stop. Have been here a fortnight now and things are not too bad, was to have my teeth attended to this afternoon, but dentist too busy, no doubt it will be Wednesday before I go again, it's only a half days job. Then will go in the first draft to the artillery details camp which is about 7 miles from here. After that, well, France. 

Our artillery camp at Lark Hill is being moved tomorrow to another part of the plains. The cold weather has started, this morning we had a beautiful frost, talk about being cold, don't mention it, have to prepare for the winter now, sooner spend it here than over in France. Last Wednesday night I went to a concert given by a Bristol party. Thursday night another given by a Welsh party and Friday night still another by a London party. They were all very good indeed. Tonight’s concert is going to be given by the band. So you see, kiddie we are not too bad off for concerts, what do you say? 

Rev. Mc Cook is in this camp now, took up duties last week. On Saturday two boys from the hut and myself went into Salisbury and spent the weekend. Left camp shortly after dinner per motor and arrived at Salisbury about 2 o'clock. Had a look round the town during the afternoon, tea at the YMCA, ham and eggs etc.(“goodo”) night at the theater and witnessed the highly sensational drama entitled “The Mill Girls Wedding.” Of course it was the usual type of play, a poor, pretty girl, meets a man, who leads her astray, she takes the wrong turning, a baby is born, anyhow her lover forgives her and at last they marry and live happily ever after. Was not too bad of a show. 

Sunday morning attended service at the Cathedral, afternoon down the river and after tea about 9 o'clock caught the motor, home to camp, after an enjoyable weekend. While there met several of the boys I came over with, very surprised to see me, they themselves have not been over to France yet. All my old mates have gone over, Bill Crowley went about three weeks ago.
 
Kiddie in my previous letters I have asked you to send some money along, if you have not done so yet, rush it along my dear for I am nearly broke and if my luck is in, I will try and take a run up to Scotland at the end of the month. If I can get the time off, will get a few quid, about 10 pounds off Nellie and spend three or four days up in Bonney Scotland. Have not heard from Nellie for over a week, not like her for she is always writing. In fact I have not had a letter of any sort for about a week. Nellie no doubt thinks I've shifted. All my letters, I get through her now. I think I told you I received a letter from Fred Wade. It was written over a month ago and in it he expected to be going over to France in about a weeks time.

Darling how are you getting on with out bonny son, wish to heaven the d… old war was over so that I could get back to you two darlings. The war you say, no doubt will never end, and that's what it looks like over here too. The fine offensives must have pleased you all, of late. Very pleased and lucky to be faraway. The Australian's did wonderful work, in fact surpassed any other army in the operations, but at what cost: your people won't hear about the losses, just as well. What the Tommy's could not do was done by the Australians. The heaviest fighting was at Ypres, right in the sector, in which I left. There is no greater battleground in all Europe.

Well darling Neville, how is your mum treating you? Now if you don't get your own way, kick up a terrible row and then wait until I get home and see what I’ll do. Mum will get a terrific smack, where, oh well right on the lips. Won’t our first kiss be a beauty, kiddie.

I am sure Neville will be a good boy, cannot be otherwise, that is if he takes after his dad.
Well must ring off darlings, be a good boy Neville until I come home and then mum and dad and you will have a grand time. Why, my darling wife, cannot you too be over here, England is a grand country in the summertime and what a great time we two could give our bonny son. Never mind we will have it in dear old Australia very soon I hope. 

Love and endless kisses to my darling wife and bonny son from your loving hubby and daddy, with oceans of kisses and embraces.

Loving husband and dad  

Don

To Neita, Neville with love

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXnetflix