29th December 1916

My darling Kiddie

This letter is being written with my lifebelt on and it is very uncomfortable I can assure you. Yesterday we started wearing the lifebelts continuously. On Thursday, 21st December we were steaming along fairly fast on a smooth sea when all of a sudden word was sent around that a battleship could be seen. Everybody was on the lookout  H.M.S. King Alfred had put in an appearance to the port side,  immediately our escort the Aux Cruiser Orabala altered her course and steamed close to her. Shortly afterwards the Aux Cruiser rejoined us and the battleship disappeared. That's all we saw of her. Next morning Friday at 12:30 pm we arrived at Dakar, Senegal. The main Harbor is artificial, it is purely a harbour with in a harbour. Inside we passed two French cruisers Flagship Kleber and Dupleia, we birthed next to the latter. Our first impressions of Dakar from the boat was that it was very strongly fortified and from the style of buildings that it was purely French and quite different to Freetown in the fact that there were plenty of white people. We were not mistaken. Our first amusement was to get the Niggers diving for pennies, and this created a great deal of fun among the boys. The town looked very pretty, many fine, large buildings especially Government House also the Government Hospital the roofs being entirely of red tiles.

Great excitement was caused among the boys when French white ladies could be seen. No leave was granted. The reason for this was that a month previous a transport of Australians were given leave, got too much wine and did 10,000 pounds worth of damage which had to be paid by the Imperial government hence we had to suffer. Of course the officers. got leave.
The wharf work is done by Senegalese who wear red and blue sashes and turbans. There are a few motor cars. Small ponies seem to be the fashion and they are indeed very smart. Bought a few postcards of Dakar one I wrote on and sent to you on Christmas Day, but you may receive this letter first my dear. Will send the other postcards later.

Our drinking water was running short so took fresh water aboard. Well seven of us were very lucky, a boat crew was required and I happened to be selected. Went ashore at 9 pm returned to the boat at 12:45 am. Had to pull one boat load of officers ashore. Would not allow us to go up town so we spent the time with the Niggers. Tell you Dear we had the time of our lives. Also had a look at a French mailboat which was birthed nearby. The harbor was full of transport and passenger boats, a purely commercial port, no pleasure resorts.

On Sunday December 24 we had a lunch parade and a swimming parade and took our guns aboard. In the afternoon we witnessed a sight never to be forgotten. It was the embarkation of  several hundred Senegalese troops for the front. They are considered the finest fighting material France has and they looked it. That  marched onto the wharf led by 20 trumpeters and they could play. They were dressed in khaki with red turbans and sashes. Next followed a brass band, blue uniforms and white helmets playing the national anthem of France, then followed the soldiers with blue uniforms with red turbans and sashes, and khaki uniforms with blue turbans and sashes, and khaki uniforms with khaki helmets. It was a great sight to see these colored man off to the front, the numerous colors added to the scene. Last but not least when allowed on the wharf came the friends and relatives to see them off. We were continually giving them the Australian three cheers. Darling it reminded me very clearly of the never to be forgotten 9th November.

That same night which was Christmas Eve seven of us pulled around the harbor, broke through the sentry and visited the town. It was after 9 o'clock so all the shops were closed much to our disappointment anyhow we saw a good portion of the town. We consider ourselves very lucky to be able to see the town as no soldiers were allowed ashore under any consideration. We arrived back at the boat at 10:30 pm. Well darling how did you spend Christmas Day? You were not out of my mind, for one minute. You darling and home were my only thoughts.
This is how I spent Christmas day. 6:30 am attended holy communion, 8:30 am wrote cards to you dearest and to mum. Had a sleep before dinner. As for dinner it was as good as could be expected I suppose; soup, pork and cabbage and plum pudding. The French admiral came aboard that same afternoon and inspected all units. Had a boxing and swimming carnival. Late in the afternoon I spent an hour or so in a cabin listening to a zonophone. At night eight of us celebrated Christmas in our cabin by drinking the health of all at home, especially wives. It was only soft drink, I might mention sweetheart.  We received by wireless the King’s Christmas message to the troops. After five days stay at Dakar we left at 7.00 am on the morning of 27th December.  The French cruiser Kleber also came with us and is still keeping watch over us. After we had been out for a short time a man fell overboard from the Afric, was picked up in about 20 minutes more the worse for his experience.

Today has been all excitement. We were joined by H.M.S. Kent and four other transports. It was a fine sight  seeing the nine transports and 43 cruisers moving into position. Had another death today a black soldier called Combo he was very popular and a good sport. Reveille in future is 6:45 am instead of 6 am on account of late break of day, breakfast will be 8.00am instead of seven. 

Sweetheart if you have not already sent it please send that  other chest protector. The silk ones are no good. I posted a large number of letters at Cape Town. In fact I did not post them but gave them to a south African soldier to post. I feel sure he will do so but if you don't get any from Cape Town don't blame me dearest, sent quite a number.

The only game of cards that is played on board is 500, everybody plays it and I believe it is well named for I’m positive there are 500 different ways of playing it.

Darling this is my last sheet of writing paper where the next is to come from I don't know, it's run completely out on board. Tea and potatoes also porridge has run completely out.
Expect to strike cold weather tomorrow or the next day.

Well my dear wife how are you progressing. Hope you are going ahead like a house on fire. Hope all are well at Wadhurst, give my love to all. 
Will now close with true and sincere love to my darling wife from your loving husband with tons of kisses.					
					Don

PS going to try to get back for next Christmas dearest. Germans seemed to be wanting peace. Wish peace were proclaimed so that  I could get back to my dear little wife.			
					Love Don