Active service
France
26 June 1917

My darling wife
The mail has just arrived, letters and papers are strewn all over the floor all out billet but sorry to say none belong to yours truly. Have not had any letters for sometime now, very disappointed, I can assure you but of course kiddie I know it is no fault of yours, will have to be patient, they will come in due course. There is one thing I am very impatient about and that is the cable. Expecting it any moment sweetheart. Sincerely hope that everything went off okay. I feel certain that every care will be taken of my dear. Kiddie if you have any socks send them all along so as they will reach me before the winter sets in. Plenty of socks is of the greatest necessity. I have about six pairs which have not been used yet. The severe winter of France is very tough on socks. Have not heard lately from George. Wrote him about a week ago but no answer to date. He might easily get a trip to Blighty out of his sickness. No further particulars about Frank, have been making inquiries but no results. His unit is no where near us. Our battery has been acting as duty battery to a school in this village. The school ended today so we expect to be getting a move on. My duty the last three days has been patrolling. I along with 8 others secure a home each and proceed to different points along the road sanctioning the people not to proceed on account of the firing. Great fun is experienced in explaining matters to the French people as we are not experts in speaking French, any how we soon make them understand. If we return to our old camp I am going to get a day off to visit Amiens, where a chap can have a really good time. It is about 10 miles from here but that's too far  to walk so will wait and chance getting off from the next camp when I can catch a train. Have already been there once a very good day. No doubt you are all anxious to know when the war is going to end. As far as we are concerned we have no idea it seems as far off as ever, but one never can tell. The other day we were working out in the street when Gen. Birdwood passed this was his remark-: Keep working boys only two more months to go. Nobody takes any notice of what he says. Anyhow let us hope so. It was a little talk about peace about a week ago but that's the end of it. We do not look every day for peace it will come sooner or later so its no use worrying about it. But I wish it would hurry up that all I can get back to my darling wife and little Mac. What a time we will have then eh kiddie. The fields of France are at present looking beautiful, flowers of all descriptions, everywhere. The country side is a huge garden. Blah Sunday afternoon a cricket match took place between our battery and the school. It resulted in a win for our battery needless to say the boys were very pleased. Yesterday a football match was to have taken place but postponed at the last monument. Have not heard from Nellie Fry lately. Unike her but I suppose my letters are being held up somewhere. Strawberries and cherries are fairly plentiful about here but the prices are high. Of course we have our share of the fruit but needless to say we don't always pay for them. When I write that we are looked after by madams and mademoiselles it Is absolutely wrong. We sleep on the floor, make our own beds in fact do everything ourselves. All the same it is not a bad life. One thing I forgot to mention chats chats here there and everywhere. No need to explain what chats are we are all more or less chatty. No man is a soldier until he is chatty. But won’t it be heaven to be back in my own home,  and a fine bed to sleep in with my loving wife and child. Wish to heaven that the time would hurry up.. Newspapers are delivered here every afternoon so we are not all together without news. I see they are going to have another shot at conscription. I wonder what the results will be this time. Will now ringing off dearest. Au revoir with love and kisses to my darling wife from your ever own and loving husband. With thousands of kisses.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
			Don