Lark Hill
14th of March 1917

My dearest wife

Well kiddie no doubt you are all delighted about the fall of Baghdad. Tonights papers are full of great British fighting and to expect the fall of Bapaume and Penone at any moment. There seems every indication of a big forward move at present. Let us hope so, as it will bring the war to an earlier end, then home to my darling wife. Would it not be great if I could land home about the middle of June, great eh kiddie, never mind dear I'll get home to you as soon as I possibly can. Last Sunday I attended church parade. It was the first parade we have had since landing. The OC of the camp Col Mailer has no time for church parades. He is absolutely the worst man I've struck, the boys have a grand name for him, could not put it in writing, too bad. He has been away sick, still away, the boys all hope he pigs out and Col. Mahoney absolutely one of the whitest men is in charge. He is a thorough gentleman and loved by all of the men. It was he who was responsible for the church parade. Received a Maitland Mercury today, from mum, nothing much in it, but newsletters are very welcome. Dear I received another parcel of cakes from Mrs. Smith on Sunday making the fourth parcel. Here is a little joke I heard the other day may interest you. Tommy was going to Sunday school and mother said  when the teacher asks you, who made you say “God made me.” Well off goes Tommy and get into his class. During the course of the lesson, the teacher said,Tommy who made you, he was a trifle puzzled and then said I forget what the gentleman's name was, but it was not father.

Yesterday we had a good day of it, marched to Bulford 4 and 1/2 miles away and were inspected by Brig. Gen. Sir Newton Moore. He was accompanied by Brig. Gen. Patton who looked exceedingly well. Did not appear to be troubled at all with the wounds. He was mounted, did not see him walking. Today we should have been inspected by the Duke of Connaught but postponed on account of the Duchess being ill. Friday we understand the King was going to inspect us, but now on account of the serious illness in the Royal Family everything has been canceled. 

My darling wife  there is no more news at present will write again in a day or so.
Tons and tons of kisses and embraces to my loving sweetheart and mother to be from your own loving and sincere husband with oceans and oceans of kisses.
						Don
Get these kiddie  xxxxxxxxxxx Will give you the real thing before long, I hope love.

PS Going to the YMCA now to get some supper if possible. What would I give to have supper with you darling tonight. Will make up for it darling.
			Love and kisses   Don