Hurdcott Camp
10th November 1917

My Dearest Wife and Darling Son

This will be only a short letter, kiddie, have a lot to do as I am leaving this camp tomorrow before day break. Was warned this afternoon, this means leaving here about 5 AM for the camp at Sutton Veny. Will remain there are a few days only, then move to our artillery camp at Heytesbury.*  My stay there is very uncertain, anyhow France is the next move. Kiddie I wrote you last Monday stating that I received your birthday greetings cable on the 4th could not have been timed better. Was overjoyed to receive it and to know that my darling was well. Have more good news for you darling, on Wednesday I received two birthday parcels one from you sweetheart and one from your mother. They  arrived well to time, don't you think so dear. You wanted to know exactly in what condition they arrived. Well your mothers was okay, had it for tea on Wednesday night, shared it among the boys. The socks which our darling Neville helped to push in were very welcome, in need of socks. As for the other cake it was bosker, had it for tea tonight, a little left which we are going to have for supper. Can assure you sweetheart both cakes arrived in excellent condition, simply lovely to have a feed of good cake especially when they come from my darling.

On Wednesday afternoon had one tooth stopped and one pulled, therefore making me fit to move to the next camp. At night attended a grand concert. On Thursday had a letter from Mrs Crowley, congratulating me on the arrival of our dear bonny boy. Went to another concert at night. Today received letter from mum, Phyll and Nellie. The Australian letters were the first I've received telling me that you received the particulars as to my wounds, but there are some letters missing I'm certain. Phyll enclosed cuttings regarding the marriage of Miss Harris, some class, just like them as long as there's plenty of show they are satisfied.

Darling will say au revoir for the present, will write soon as I get settled in the next camp.
Love kisses and embraces to my two darlings with millions and millions of kisses and oceans of kisses from your ever own loving husband and father.  
							XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
				Don
				    To Darling Neita and Bonny Neville

*Heytesbury
Knook Camp, Heytesbury was an Artillery training base on the edge of Salisbury plain, with Heytesbury House used as the officers’ quarters. From 1916 Australians occupied the camp. Heytesbury House was the home of Siegfried Sassoon, the first world war poet, from the 1930s until his death in 1967, aged 80.
