Lark Hill
18th March 1917

My darling wife
Many happy returns of the day. Well kiddie you are a year older today wish I were with you to give you a big kiss and a huge hug but although  I am not present take this  XXXXXX for the time being and I’ll make up for it as soon as I return which darling I hope will be very soon. The 18th broke with my mind centered on you dear and wishing you, although far away the best of good luck. The day of the 18th brought some good news, the fall of Bapaume, big French advance, destruction of a Zepp and the determination of the Russian people to oust all German influence and bring the war to a successful end. So therefore darling 18th of March 1917 is to be a very happy day for we two darling. But what about the first birthday of little Mac, that will be the day, it will be greater than all, what say you kiddie?

Yesterday I had a good day, at 1:30 pm four of us left camp for a walk, covered 12 miles by the time we returned at 8:45 at night. After leaving camp we made for Durrington. On the way Crowley took a couple of photos of the party. Arrived at Durrington where we had a cup of tea and plenty of homemade cakes at the YMCA.  After feeling somewhat refreshed made off again along the road to Fighledean. On the banks of the river Avon we had our photos taken again. On arriving at the village of course  we had to have something more too eat. When this was finished we started off again, along hedge roads and across the Avon several times. Here again our photos were taken, so kiddie if they turn out any good, I will send them along to my darling. We eventually arrived at Netherhaven, another English Village. These places are very pretty indeed. Had a good look around and then visited the flying school. There are scores and scores of machines at the school, while there we counted 31 machines flying, the heights ranging from 100 to 2000 feet. It was a great site. The machines were all one class, French, “Maurice Farman.” While Eric Hewitt and I were standing watching one of the machines in the hangar an officer who had just come down from a flight asked us if we cared to go up. He said he could not take us up as he had finished for the day but would  get another officer to do so if we cared for a fly. Well to make a long story short we did not go up. Only one week ago I was speaking to an officer who told me not to go up with men from Netherhaven camp as they were all beginners. So that decided it. Anyhow I'm going over next weekend if the weather is fine for a fly, this officer will then be able to take us up  himself.

The trip to the flying school was very enjoyable and extremely interesting. A beautiful camp but no arrangements for the amusement of the men. We then made our way  back through Fighledean to Durrington arriving at the YMCA at 7:30 PM and had tea there. After eating and a rest started off for camp and arrived home at 8:45. It was a grand day. The weather yesterday and today was  ideal. The best days we have had since arriving, purely Australian days. Yesterday I met Mr. Craven you remember him at Ratcliffs. He is in our unit and only two huts away from ours. Did not have a talk with him, just saw in the lines and shook hands, will see him later. 
This morning attended church parade this being only the second one we have had. 
Received another parcel today from Mrs. Smith, what do you think it was, never guess, a loaf of bread and about a pound of butter. No doubt you will laugh kiddie, but she could not have sent anything better. We are practically starved now everything is being cut down, only allowed four pieces of bread 1 and 1/2 by 2 inches and a 1/4 inch thick, per day, not a mouthful of butter,  dripping is now issued. So a large loaf of bread and some butter is just the thing, especially as I have some potted fish paste in the hut, toast will be on again for a few days. It is indeed very good of her, it will save my life for a few days. 

This afternoon four of us went off for another walk. This time we covered  just over 10 miles. Left camp at 1:30 called at  YMCA on the road for a cup of tea and arrived at the beach on Shrewton about 2:30 p.m. Here we had a good look around, very pretty indeed, had more photos taken, afternoon tea at the Church of England Institute and returned to camp at 6:45pm. A very enjoyable afternoon indeed. Every opportunity we get, we visit YMCAs etc. it's the way of getting something to eat and feel satisfied.
Well darling there's no more news at present so will ring off for the time being. The mail closes tomorrow. Going to drop a few lines to the boss, Will not go into detail so dear you can let them know good news, if any, I have written. How are you getting on kiddie? Keep your pecker up. Suppose you are making great progress now, are you mum. Wait until you are called that, won’t you be flash. I always forget when I'm writing,  I always speak of one, but it is possible it is twins. Only today I read in the paper a mother having five, too failed to live longer than 15 minutes. This is a fact dear.
Will now ring off sweetheart, love and kisses galore to my dearest wife with fond embraces from your ever own and loving husband, with endless kisses and embraces.
							Hubby
							  Don

*Images of French machines planes Maurice Farman





