Lark Hill
4th March 1917

My darling wife

Nothing of importance has happened the last couple of days. Yesterday we had a half holiday so therefore cleared straight out of camp. We made for Amesbury where we spent the afternoon and night. There was absolutely nothing to do there but had to go somewhere away from camp. Mrs. Crowley is staying about 2 miles from our camp at a place called Durrington. Mr. Crowley, “lucky dog”, of course sees her practically every night but has to be back in camp by 10:15 PM, anyhow he has an hour or two. What if we could have a couple of hours together dearest, it would be just great. Mrs. Crowley’s sisters, I understand, are staying just outside London. I'm still in the signal school, getting quite an expert at this business.

. -. .   – – –  …–   .           -  - - -        - -   -.- -     -..   .-  .-.   .-..   ..   -.    - -.     .-  -.  -..   
 L       O       V       E         T  O           M    Y         D  A   R    L     i     N   G        A  N  D   
.-..  ..  -  -  .-..  .      - -  .-   -.-.
L    I   T  T  L   E     M   A   C

There Is a lot of talk about signaling being dangerous but there are arguments for and against, one thing certain, it is no worse than being in the guns. Had I remained a gunner would now have been on draft. Practically all the men I came over with will be off to France within the next 10 days, a great number of them expect to go tonight. We signalers, if we remain in the school will see another two months on this side. That is how things stand at present. So for  the present signaling will do you, eh kiddie. 

About half an hour ago I received a letter from Mrs. Smith, also another parcel of cakes, making the third parcel. It is exceedingly good of her, words fail me, how to thank her.
Just as I got into bed last night what do you think I received, why two of your loving letters sat straight up and devoured every word of them. The letters received were number 16 and 17, dated the third and seventh of January. Very pleased to hear you received a letter from Keith, wish I could hear where he is. Waiting anxiously for his address. The words on the card from Auntie Fon were very fine indeed. No doubt mum is feeling  a bit off with the two of us being away, but she will have to buck up, it may not be very long before we return. So I can see sweetheart you still like your bed, that is right keep a place warm your hubby. Very sorry not seeing George before leaving, he left just a fortnight before we arrived and his camp was just alongside ours. Sent you a cable yesterday through headquarters Horseberry Road London. May get it early, but that won’t matter much will it kiddie. Contains  birthday greetings etc.
That is indeed a great joke the questions asked by the youngsters regarding “Macs” baby things. By jove I laughed, one of the best laughs, I’ve had on this side. The boys wanted to know what was all the stir, of course told them, I don’t think. Wish I could get near you to ask similar questions and also give you a hand.  “Ours” why certainly will be the greatest youngster born, especially if he takes after his father……. and of course his mother. Could not leave his mother out of it, sweetheart. 

Mrs. Watts, what has the boss got to say about her, sure to have a good joke, at her expense. Never mind Mrs. Watts will do all that's necessary. The forget-me-knot arrived in good condition.
Well darling will now close. Au revoir for the present
Love, kisses and embraces to my darling little wife and mother to be from your must loving and sincere hubby and father to be.
							Don
Enclosing a few postcards, one of which I am sure will interest you.
