Sand Hill Camp
Warminster,
25th November 1917

My own dear wife and bonny son

Have already written 10 letters, so kiddie I'm just about knocked out, but of course will have to write to my sweetheart. Told  you in my last letter that I received the draft okay, sent it on to the bank yesterday and asked them to forward it to Nellie. It's better for her to have it for I can get it much easier. While I'm in England, when sending money do it the same way per draft, but when I'm in France please yourself how to send it. I like to get the draft myself, knowing exactly how I stand. Nellie is very vague regarding money. If I ask her if she has any money for me she always says yes, have an idea that it comes out of her own purse. Anyhow we are square now. 

On Thursday I was warned for draft but was pulled off at the last moment “swinging it”. Suppose next week will tell a tale. Our stay at Heytesbury is very short, five days at the most then over to France. Would very much like to spend Christmas in England, the boys expect general leave then.

Went to the pictures Thursday night, a very good showing indeed. Yesterday I received a few old letters. A mate of mine took charge of them after I was wounded, he being very busy in the line and being wounded himself did not post them until this week from hospital. There was one from your dearest, Number 58, 1Mata, 1 Phyll and 2 from Nellie. Better late than never.
Yesterday afternoon, walked into Warminster and last night went to the pictures. Had an hour or so with George today. He is just back from two days leave had the time of his life, stopped at Hemsleys, Bexley Heath. George is making the most of his stay in England and rightly so. Has quite a number of fine girlfriends. Now this is for yourself darling. A little while ago George received a letter from your mother telling him to be careful regarding the English girls, as there were better girls in Australia. He thought it a great joke, simply brought tears to his eyes laughing when he was telling me. Told me when writing to your mother to put in a Great tale about his English girls. Well I wrote today and made up a bit of a tale. George wanted me to say he had given the girl the ring. Hope your mother will not take it seriously. All the same he has some very fine girl friends, one in particular is a very nice young lady. They are all of good families and highly respectable, no need to worry on that score. He and Sid are having the time of their young lives. George has a host of photos, Think he must collect every girls photo he meets. He is alright leave it to him.

He and Joe Cook met, also he visited Bernie who is still in bed but will be up before Christmas when there is a good time awaiting him. Bernie has had a rough time but I understand there are to be no more operations. Before starting on my correspondence today, did a little washing; handkerchieves, shirts etc. Why are you not here darling to give me a hand. Suppose you would not be able, now that our darling claims so much of your time. The photos of you two darlings are just bonser, wish I could pick darling bub up and give him a kiss. The photo of himself is ‘it’ can see him better in that, than the other, but the other is grand of you kiddie, both photos are simply lovely. George has received his and we had a good look and talk about his lordship today. Had a real good laugh when I read that you took ‘bubs’ into the office. Can well imagine how excited they would be, especially the girls. No wonder the little darling laughed at “Old Red Davidson”, he’d make anybody laugh. He is not a bad old sport. Guess Miss Potter was excited. Wait till dad comes home and takes his wife and child there for lunch, that will be the time, eh sweetheart.

Will now say good night love ones, with oceans of love and kisses galore to my darling wife and bonny son from your ever loving husband and father.
					Don
	XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX………….
		With love to my darlings Don