
Hurdcott Camp
25th of October 1917

To My Darling Wife and Bonny Son

Well my dear I told you that I received a large mail of 18 letters, all old ones. It was very funny reading them regarding the uncertainty of events prior to June 23rd. But everything has turned out okay has it not kiddie. Keith’s letter which was dated 20th of August has very little news. At the time of writing he was working very hard 7;30 to 12; 30, and 2.00 to 5:50 and 6:30 to 9:00. Sunday afternoon off when possible. One does not mind working in France especially near the line. Keith mentioned having met Harley Eckford, Jack Sawyer, Tommy Hanson, Les Barbour, and Billy Skinner. You can well imagine them having a good talk about old Maitland. Ethel Beardsmore knew all the home news by her letter. Auntie Von had written her giving all the news. She told me that her husband Harry, who is Commandant 5th Australian Divisional Base wishes me to call on him. Will certainly do so when passing through Harve. 

Vi told me that what hair our darling had, was like his ma’s, lucky kid. just as well he has not got hair like mine. There's been nothing doing in camp for the last few days, last night I went to a YMCA concert which was really first-class. Going to have a rest tonight, remain in the hut, and  write letters. If I'm still in camp will spend the weekend in Salisbury. Have only a few bob, I think I will be able to manage it. Your postcard dated 26th of June is not too bad,”I ain’t no girl” I will bet our boy will not wished to be taken for a girl. 

By all your letters dearest my mail you have been receiving very well for which I'm very pleased and thankful. Wish the album of photos would turn up. Yes darling I thought the arrival of our dear would  help your mother and father, in fact all of you, to keep your mind off your trouble. You say don't worry about presents, well kiddie I‘d like very much to send you darling and Neville something but I'm practically broke, made it too much of a welter while on leave. Anxiously waiting for you to send me along some cash, then I'll start and make things fly again. 

I sent a card to Rene the other day, addressed to the Myrtle Hotel, do not know whether she is still there, if she has moved no doubt it will be forwarded to her. Yes, kiddie you were indeed very smart making the son but I'm sure now that you have our dear baby to look after, sex are a thing out of the question. Charlie's statement about taking a note to school with the excuse “had to stay at home and mind the baby” is very good, just like Charlie.

The photo of yourself, mother and auntie is just ’it’. But why kiddie did you not stand in the front and show off your beauty.  I would not have minded, could have given my eyes a feast off it. What can I hear you saying dear never mind, keep the rousing until I return to my two dear ones. Nurse will have her time cut out now looking after three. How would you like to have had three, first shot Kiddie, what a family. Got rather  a surprise when I heard that Vera and Bill were married, you gave her the right advice, as for the good time, well I guess, wish we were having the same good time now darling. Never mind when I return we will make up for the time I've been away, bet your sweet life.  Not too much of your scrambled eggs and toast, makes my mouth water dear. You said in one of your letters that you were including Nurse Braye’s address, well darling I cannot find it, you must be in love no doubt about that, eh darling. As you desire sweetheart will enclose a couple of my signatures. It is simply grand to read your letter, the first one written after our darling came on the scene. It was the first letter giving me the exact time of His Majesty's arrival. Can well imagine the excitement at Charles Street. Would have given everything I possess to have been with you darling, but I'll make up for it when the second, third, fourth, …….. twelfth arrives.





Signatures

D McDonald
Donald McDonald
D.C. McDonald
Donald C McDonald
Donald Cameron McDonald
D Cameron McDonald
DMcD.		DCMcD.	Mac	Don
Donald
McDonald D.C.
McDonald Donald C
McDonald Donald Cameron
McDonald D. Cameron

Signatures continued

Husband
Hubby
Father
Dad
Daddy
Old man
Pa
Papa
Boss
Scot
Better half
Dada
	And every day Don





Received a letter from Stan Coaldrake this afternoon. He is well. After spending four weeks at the battery he returned to the school, drawing rations for the staff. It's a good job and Stan is certain to hang on to it. Suppose my little darling is making rapid progress now, what a good time you must be having, kiddie. Always trying to imagine what my two loved ones are doing. Remember me to all friends. Love to Regent and Charles Street folk.
Love kisses and embraces to my own dear wife and darling son from your ever own and loving husband and father with the oceans of love and millions of kisses.
		Love from your ever own
			Hubby and daddy
				Don