Sand Hill Camp
Warminster

19th November 1917

My darling wife and bonny son

Well, kiddie, I am up to my neck in writing, have no less than 25 letters to answer. Somebody will have to get a short letter. Last Thursday I received 17 letters, 6 from you darling, 1 Keith, 1 Madge, 1 Grandma Fry, 1 Vi, 1 Auntie Jane, 1 Flo Roberts, 1 Auntie Edie, 1 Stanley, 1 Mary Goodsir, 1 Jeanne Goodsir, 1 Nellie Fry.. Today I have received 5 more from you sweetheart,1 Mum, 1 Mrs Crowley, 1 Grandpa Fry. So you see dearest, I’ve got a job in front of me, don't really know where to start but I can tell you it is simply grand receiving them all. The numbers of yours kiddie, are 85, 86, 88, 89, 90, 91, 92, 93, 94, 95, 97. The letters numbered 86 registered and 95 contained the photos of yourself and of our darling and most wonderful baby. They are simply glorious, but sweetheart I'll write another letter telling you exactly what I think of them, wish I could put them in a frame and hang them up in the hut.

Before I start to answer your letters dear, will tell you a little of the happenings during the last few days.  I was just going to the pictures on Thursday night when I received my mail, which included one from Nellie. Of course had a look at the pictures, very good and then returned to our hut and read most of the letters. Nellie’s I left till next morning, lights were turned off before I finished, and in reading it next morning got a great shock, she gave me George's address, he is practically in the same camp as myself, only he's is in the infantry and I'm in the artillery section. He is working in the second battalion office. Soon as I got off parade I made for him, marched into the office and there was his lordship large as life, walking round the office. Soon as he caught sight of me he said down, stood up, sat down again, could hardly believe his eyes, then he yelled out Don. We then had a good talk over things, he being busy, I left and we met again for a couple of hours at night, had supper together. You can well imagine how we talked, just grand, showed one another all our photos, our darling boy caused a great deal of fun. George is in best of health, looking okay and is having the time of his life. Tomorrow he is off for two days leave to London. By the way he is having a great time with the girls, one especially, showed me her photo, she is just fine, something doing. As for his job, he's set at present there is no hope of him going to France, looks as if the job will last for the duration, lucky boy. 

Eric Hewitt left here last Friday for Heytesbury and I understand he's leaving for France tomorrow. Saturday afternoon I went into Warminster and had a good look around. While there met Jim Ken. He is working at Warminster and has a job that will keep him away from France, keeping in good health and looking well. Returned to camp about 7 o'clock. Received a parcel from Phyll and Auntie Fon, containing tobacco, socks, jam etc, just the thing.
Sunday morning went to church, walked  to Heytesbury and had tea at a mate’s place, Red Lion Hotel just fine. Food conditions in this camp are awful, starving, heavy work on empty stomachs, no d…. good. 

Due to leave here on Friday, will only reign in the artillery camp a week at the longest, back again to France. Keith’s letter was written fourth of November. He mentions having received a letter from Nelson Agnew who said that mum was wondering what had become of him. 
Keith says it is a bad idea to write too regularly, at the same time he complains about not receiving any letters for an age. He is in the best of health and their column is moving to a quieter front. Can fully understand how hard it is for Jerry to write. In letter 55 received mum’s slip expressing best wishes for the 4th.

So our darling boy has a dimple, and that's a sign of being a flirt, good luck to his lordship. But as for saying I was a flirt, well I never heard the like, you know well, kiddie, that I was not, never thought of ever doing such a thing and as for making eyes at French girls, that beats the band. I'm an old married man now and have only eyes for a girl and one boy and that's you dear and bonny Neville. Suppose I could make eyes if I tried but I will leave all that to the boys and I can assure you they make good use of their time.

Letter 86 came with the photos. Both yours sweetheart and babies photo grand, he is a darling without doubt, would give anything to be nursing him now. Will have more to say about the photos later. Nellie has not yet said anything about receiving the £2, don't suppose Sid has given it to her yet, will ask her when I write.  Told you in my previous letters that the birthday cakes arrived okay, thanks muchly sweetheart. Letter 88 was written the day you receive word about my being wounded. Well darling I've told you all, you know long before now that I’m A1 and wounds were not serious, although I was expecting a bad time. Had  terrible pains in the leg but after the operation everything was okay and soon healed. Would have been simply grand had you been with me kiddie, while I was in hospital, but of course that could not be, worst luck. Could not have been looked after better, there was no need for you to worry on that score dear. Although with all the kindness from the nurses there's nobody I would sooner have had at my bedside then my darling wife. Never mind, kiddie, I'm okay again, the sooner I get back to you two darlings the better, eh dear. So baby is to sit in the family chair, that's fine. Yes, kiddie the sooner we get into our home the better, soon as this war is over, then things will be alright, what a time we three will have dear don't mention it. Very pleased indeed to hear Aunt Em was better and going home. What about ”Coming Home” kiddie. Hear that occasionally over this way, brings back old times, good and glorious old times. The three postcards are very good indeed see plenty of that business over here, France is the place to see the French soldiers kissing their loved ones. Good sport watching them. 

Fancy you thinking I would not tell you how bad my wounds were, as you say “not only just saying that you are slightly wounded” would not do such a thing kiddie, eh what. In your letter number 91 you were worrying about my not receiving your parcels but long before now you have heard how well and how many I've received. Very pleased indeed to know that you received the photos okay, those photos will bring back many a good time to my memory in years to come. So you received a telegram regarding my entry into Napstung Hospital. There was certainly something wrong with the wording. The hospital was a grand place and they undoubtedly did everything in their power for me. 

Our darling, by every letter I receive, is getting heavier 16 lb now, good stuff he is getting, eh kiddie, he will soon be as heavy as his dad, some kid then. I say Harry Sawyer is going the pace, wait till I get back “oh” Miss Irene Guthrie. Harry's wedding some class, very humorous, especially your underlinings. They must be wrong in the head, ought to have taken them away in the “green cart” instead of a motor. 

The draft has not yet arrived, badly in need of it, kiddie. The day I left Hurdcott there was a registered letter for me, should have been sent on here. Wrote last Friday for it, no doubt I'll get it in a day or so. You must be in love sweetheart, you said you were enclosing the receipt well I can't find it. Don't think there will be any row between you kiddie and the nurses as far as casting my eyes, that's not in me dear.

Will now ring off, love to all at Regent and Charles Street and sincerely hope they are keeping best of health. Love kisses embraces to my dearest wife and darling bonny baby  from your ever own and loving husband and father with kisses galore.
					Hubby and daddy
						Don
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX to my dear sweethearts.