									Lark Hill
									January 14th 1917
My darling wife

Tomorrow morning the mail closes for dear Australia so here goes for a few lines. It's 6 pm and I'm in bed writing this, I suppose you will say what's wrong my being in bed, so early. I'm really tired my dear, very tired. Has been snowing all day and we have been having a great time throwing snowballs. The conditions under which I'm writing, are not the best, the light is very poor, so my dear  if my writing is a little erratic you will understand! About 1:30 today one of the boys and myself started off for an afternoons walk. We started off for a small village called Durrington about 2 miles away.The first thing that struck me on the way was a snowball fair in the face. That was only the beginning. All the way snowballs were flying everywhere, just imagine the thousands here and everybody at the game. Thoroughly enjoyed it. Just as we entered the village the children going to Sunday school met us and of course got a great reception. Needless to say yours truly did his share.

Durrington is a very pretty little place, the very old certainly adds to the beauty. Of course  called at the YMCA where we had a great feed. Then we started off for Figheldean the place of the spreading chestnut tree*. There again we indulged in fighting the people of the village and delighted in giving the boys a snow balling. On the road who should I meet but Price Shipman of Maitland he worked at Compton and Sheedy’s. Was only with him for about 10 minutes but a lot past between us in those few minutes. He is in good health and looking very well. Expects to be going over to France any day now. He told me that Tom Sawyer and Arley Eckford  are here in Lark Hill camp and from particulars I got from him they are only about 10 minutes walk from here. At the first opportunity I will look them up. Visited the tree, blacksmith shop, and church again, had another afternoon tea and then returned to camp. Every few yards one walked you were liable to get a smack and by jove some came very hard and fast. On the way home we walked across the downs with snow up to our knees. Hard work doing 3 miles of it, so after  such a strenuous day, can you wonder dear, at my being tired. Anyhow it was a good day. But give me dear old Maitland with you my dear and never mind the heat. The time may not be very far off  when I will be back with you Kiddie.

There is a word used all day long by the men here  and it is ‘blighty’. I suppose it will reach Australia shortly. All new songs contain the word. Has several meanings, ‘wound,’’London, and a soldiers “home sweet home”. You are always hearing the expressions, “wait till I get a blighty” or ” take me back to blighty”  and such like. The word is of Indian origin.

Mr Crowly has only seen his wife three times since she arrived and he has come to the decision that it would have been better for her to have remained at home. Mrs Crowley’s two sisters are returning to Australia as soon as possible. London, in fact England is no place at present for young girls. Too many soldiers about. They are catching the first boat home.
Walking home through the snow tonight I heard a very familiar sound, it was the bells of the church at Durrington ringing. They chime the same as St Pauls. It sounded lovely. What would I give to be walking to St Pauls at night with you sweetheart.

How are you getting on dear. Hope you are well. Keep your spirits up, wait until you are a mother, eh what . Mum mum mum can imagine you dearest being called that.
Am going to sleep now Kiddie. Good night. Love to all at Regent and Charles St.
Love kisses and embraces to my dear little wife from your own loving husband.
								Don
PS All the talk today is America's attitude regarding the war and the great poisoning case of Lloyd George ( Prime Minister) and Henderson ( Leader of the Labour Party).

*  From  “The Village Blacksmith” by Longfellow 1842