Sand Hill
17th February 1918

My Darling Wife and Bonny Son


Well kiddie I'm here in this camp although hanging on by the “skin of my teeth,”  scores and scores of the staff men have gone overseas during the past week, very lucky to be left I can assure you. My turn will come shortly no doubt. Every available fit man is being sent to France, getting ready for the great offensive. It was expected to have started long ere this, it's a case of both sides waiting for the other to start. 

Last night we had a very heavy frost, naturally very cold this morning, the day is beautiful and fine, I walk would just be grand with you sweetheart and Bubs, as you two dear ones are not here decided to remain in doors and write. By jove sweetheart in years to come, when we take a trip to the “old dart” it will be just glorious going round having a look at the old places.

Yesterday afternoon I did not go anywhere had a slight headache so sat round the fire and turned into bed early. Word has just been received that all men, artillery, lighthorse etc   (detail men) are to be relieved of their duties so suppose yours truly will be on the way shortly, bad luck eh dearest, all the same I've had a good spell. 

Have not had any word from Keith lately, you'll be okay. Sent him a couple of packets of cigarettes early in the week, he  is sure to find use for them. Had a game of cards  the other night, first game for ages. Remember the games of 500 we had, wish we were all playing again tonight. Mrs Smith wrote me a letter the other day she sent it to Nellie to readdress thinking I had ‘gone out’ again. Nellie also wrote a few lines. Mrs Smith wants me to go and spend a few days if I have not gone over to France. Don't think I'll be able to go, it's such a long way out. Will have to drop her a line and explain matters George and Sid okay. Sid has changed his address, nearer to here but still a long way off. Bernie is better so Nellie tells me, but won't get up, from that, I take it, that he still confined to his bed. Of course Nellie wants me to pat them another visit very badly, will do so the first opportunity.

I've been expecting letters from you every day lately but no Australian mail, suppose they will come all in a bunch one of these fine days and may that day hurry up. It seems ages since I've had one of your letters sweetheart, well it's just on a fortnight, too long, to wait for my darlings letters, I suppose I'll have to wait and be good. Good why I'm always good, am I not dearest, you know only too well how good I am, is fact there are times when you would like me to be bad eh darling, not for me, eh what…..

How is my dear boy Bubs getting on. Darling I wonder if you realise how I want to get back to see the little darling. Of course you do and I pray the day won't be long ere I’m on the homeward journey. The day I enter Sydney Harbour wanted a day that will be. What oh the night, “nuff said” Kiddie I have a letter to write to Nellie, Mrs Smith, mum, and Phyll so think I had better ring off and get a start on theirs.
Au revoir for the present. Kind regards to all friends. Love to Regent and Charles Street folk.
Love kisses and embraces to my darling little wife and precious son from your ever own and loving husband and father with kisses galore and oceans of love.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX		Hubby and Daddy
To my two darlings						Don