Sand Hill Camp
2nd February 1918

My Darling Wife and Bonny Son

Saturday afternoon all dressed up and nowhere to go. There is Warminster to go to but thought I'd stay in camp and write a few lines to my darlings. Was raining here this morning but the afternoon has turned out beautiful and fine. Tonight I think I'll go to the pictures. Pictures and concerts in the YMCA are the only amusements, the concerts at times are exceedingly good. The weather is still keeping mild we are sure to get more cold weather, no doubt it will be a late winter. I told you all about Keith being in Blighty and our missing one another when going to Scotland. Well I received a letter from him last Tuesday, telling me about his trip north. Fancy the two of us in Edinburgh at the same time, then to miss one another, bad luck, what say you kiddie. He said he went to all of the trains on the day I went up and could not see I sign of me so waited until the next day expecting a wire or letter. All I can say is he must've been drunk or not there at all. Have written him saying then I'm sure he must have had a girl and that she was the cause of our missing one another. When he replies can just imagine what he'll have to say. Well he first went to Newcastle for a day, then to Edinburgh for a couple of days, then onto Glasgow. He had a great time in Scotland and returned to London where he finished up in great style. He is going to write later giving full particulars of his trip.

On Wednesday I received the Newcastle Herald from Phyll, grand having had a look over the old rag. Had a letter from Dorothy the other day, said that Keith had been staying there, how well he looked. Gave the two girls Dot and Helen a good time, took them to dinner then to the Palace Theatre to see “Pamela” and supper afterwards..Said he was grand their outing was simply great.

Fritz has been over London a good deal lately but no bombs were dropped out Roberts’ way. All the same they were greatly excited and nervy. No doubt you have read a good deal lately regarding the strikes in Germany. Our hopes are that the reports are true but up to the present it’s not serious and not near as bad as some of the papers paint it. The leading papers here are saying very little about the strike, for the news received cannot be taken seriously as it does not come from a good source. The military power in Germany is too strong and it's people are sure they are winning.  Let us hope the strike spreads and by so doing peace Wellcome very much quicker.

Darling yesterday I received one of your loving letters number 115 and dated 28 /11 /17. There must be some more hanging about so I am anxiously waiting for the afternoon's mail. Sure to be some more from my darling little wife.

Kiddie I am ashamed of you and very annoyed, no laughing matter, it's a fact. What do you want to smack Bubs for, shahid was not to blame, you say he has paddy and played up “Holy smokes” don't believe you, impossible. Suppose the poor kid did think it was a fly. Wait till I get home and  by jove you'll get more than one smack, one on the ——— one on the ———and hundreds on the lips, that will be the time, eh sweetheart. So you had your fortune told well all I hope is that next July or August will see me home with my two darlings. By jove the sooner that time comes the better and what a  time we will have, another honeymoon to be sure, what say you, kiddie. Makes my mouth water to think of it. Where will we go sweetheart. Conditions here are not too bad, hundreds of the boys have gone on draft lately though but I'm still safe. Of course one never knows when their time is coming. Of course if I can remain here, bet your sweet life I'll do my best to remain. Our supplies are still going strong, last night we had steak and ham, toast bread and butter, potted paste, pineapple and cheese. Tomorrow I start having my meals at the officers mess. So things will be okay. My job in camp is just the thing, five camps to look after. I'm known by everybody as ”Old King Cole”
. Well darling sweetheart there's no more news so will ring off. Love and kisses to my dear wife and bonny son from your ever own and loving husband and father with scores and scores of kisses and oceans of love.
		Don
Bubs if mum hits you kick up a noise, howl and make a great fuss. You are not to be hit but of course you must not be a naughty boy. When you go to bed tonight give mum a big kick for me.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX    to my darling wife and bonny son
					Hubby and daddy