Lark Hill
10th March 1917

My Darling Wife

Your loving letter number 19 received today. Very pleased indeed to hear you have received my Durban mail. But by your letter, kiddie I don't think you have received all the letters, suppose you have got them long ere this. The other day received a letter from Vi also Phyllis. Stockton folk very pleased to hear from you. I too, kiddie am pleased to know that you drop them a line now and then. They thought the photos just the thing, highly delighted. Have also received a couple of letters from home also a card from Armidale. You say don't get any fatter well kiddie I’ve got much thinner, do not get too much to eat on this side. Have not weighed since arriving, will do so one of these days. Money was not the cause of my not sending a cable from
Durban. I went to the Post Office but orders had been received that no cables were to be taken from soldiers, hence no cable.
Well ‘Mum’ I'm very pleased indeed to hear that you are progressing okay and that you are quite alright. Won't you ‘kid’ yourself being called “Mum’ eh, I will being called Dad. Yes kiddie our youngster is to have the best of everything no matter what it costs. Have seen a number of English children beautifully dressed and I have said to myself that our child must be dressed something similar. The children on this side are bonny little kids. Eric Hewitt was one of our censors, but mine were not read by him, so you need not worry. I used to hand them to him sealed, all he did was to put ENH on the envelope. This was an arrangement between Eric and myself. Told him about it tonight of course, he had a good laugh. No word of Keith yet, he must be very close now. By your letter you have not received my cable, but I know it has arrived and forwarded to you from the letter received from the Mata. Would give anything to see you now and see how fat you are, married life agrees with you sweetheart. Had a heavy fall of snow yesterday, rained last night and all today, the place is in a fearful state. Last Thursday was the coldest day experienced since arriving on this side, a very strong and bitterly cold wind. This month is the worst month for sickness, weather so changeable. Have been issued with an extra blanket which makes the sixth for yours truly. No doubt you say that they ought to keep me warm, they do and that's all. One of the flying machines passing over our camp came down yesterday near our hut, no damage was done, they were very lucky indeed. Well darling wife I have no more news, I'm okay. Tons and tons of kisses to my darling sweetheart from your loving husband with endless kisses and embraces from your ever own and loving hubby.
			Don
Remember me to all, Love to mum and dad
Take this kiss X kiddie also these sweetheart XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX